Update GDScript Export Docs (#6481)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdscript/gdscript_basics.rst

There are some special tokens in GDScript that act like keywords but are not,
they are *annotations* instead. Every annotation start with the ``@`` character
and is specified by a name. A detailed description and example for each annotation
can be found inside the :ref:`GDScript class reference <class_@GDScript>`.

Annotations affect how the script is treated by external tools and usually don't
change the behavior.

For instance, you can use it to export a value to the editor::

    @export_range(1, 100, 1, "or_greater")
    var ranged_var: int = 50

> For more information about exporting variables, read the :ref:`GDScript export article <doc_gdscript_exports>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about exporting properties, read the :ref:`GDScript exports <doc_gdscript_exports>`
article.
```
